                         BASE specification
                         ------------------

Summary
-------

The BASE file describes the contents of both the source tape and floppy
disks.   It defines which files are released on which medium and for the
floppy disks, which floppy package the files reside in.

Introduction
------------

All information pertaining to the iAPX286 System V.2 release port
is contained in this file.  It will be the only file which will be 
guaranteed to be correct and as such, must be updated whenever errors are found
in the area of software issue.

The BASE file will be used on the vax as the ONLY mechanism for defining which
files are to be downloaded to the INTEL 310 for validation and subsequent
issue.  It will be used on the INTEL 310 for the manufacture of the boot and
floppy package sets.

BASE file format
----------------

Ascii format file containing ten fields delimited by one or more spaces.

Field names
-----------

target_medium product_set package program_set mode owner group description 
target_name source_name

Field name descriptions
-----------------------

target_medium - (medium on which this file is to be issued) 
-------------

-	undefined target medium
#	comment record only
	product is not required for this port
a	made automatically
b	both source and object
c	vax cross environment
i	required on boot floppy or is only required during installation
o	object only
s	source only
?	query 

product_set - (collection of one or more packages)
-----------

-	undefined product set
NAME	product set name as defined by DRI

package - (collection of one or more program sets)
-------

-	undefined floppy package name or not applicable
NAME	floppy package name as defined by DRI

program_set - (program (or the name of a collection of programs) which
-----------    requires the presence of this file to be built or run)

-	undefined program set name
NAME	program set name as defined in steering file

mode - (format as ouput by the 'ls -l' command)
----

-	undefined filetype/permissions
MODE	filetype/permissions

owner - (owner name of file)
-----

-	undefined owner
OWNER	owner name

group - (group name of file)
-----

-	undefined group
GROUP	group name

file_description_field - (description of file type as gleaned by the
----------------------    'file command' or from the steering file)

-	undefined file description
arch	archive file
asrc	assembler source
atxt	ascii text
bin	binary executable program
cman	manual pages - have been nroff'd -man
conf	configuration template file (requires user modification)
csrc	c source
ctxt	commands text - shell commands
data	uncategorizable binary data
dev	character or block special device
dir	directory
dsrc	database source
null	empty file
fifo	pipe
ftxt	fortran text
incl	include files in /usr/include
isrc	header files not in /usr/include
llib	lint library
lsrc	lex source
make	make file
man	nroff manual page
ntxt	[nt]roff, tbl, or eqn input text
obj	.o file
pman	packed manual page
read	readme file
ssrc	shell program source
tic	tic source
ysrc	yacc source

target_filename - (name by which the file exists on the target medium)
---------------

NAME	target filename

source_filename - (name of file containing the contents of the target
---------------    filename)

-	source filename identical to target filename
NAME	source filename
m,n	used for devices where m is the major node
			       n is the minor node
LINK_n  used for files that are linked 
	where n is the file to which this file is linked

integration
-----------

/usr/.adm.
----------

source_filenames in the directory /usr/.adm require special consideration.   


a) they contain master versions of the target_filenames.   these are required 
   where different files are required dependant upon 20m or 40m systems, or 
   where those files are necessarily changed to allow the master release
   system to run (e.g. /etc/passwd).


Wayne Alston 09/20/85	issue #11
