Mon Jul  7 10:25:54 PDT 1986	uport!dwight
Thu Sep 17 15:30:38 PDT 1987	uport!rex

This heirarchy contains the source code for the 2.3.0 release.
The various directories are:

Boot:	Contains the code for "Big Boot"; i.e. the boot code
	that understands how to read in a unix kernel.

boot:	The source code for "little boot"; i.e. the boot block.

dist:	This heirarchy is an exact image of the boot disk's filesystem.

iAPX286:	Contains all of the kernel source code.

iAPX286/cmd:	Contains the code for various AT and kernel specific utilities.

usr/linkkit:	The files that make up a linkkit, shipped in installit
		floppy format

To make a kernel, cd into the iAPX286/cf directory and edit the
configuration files "master" and "dfile.wini" to reflect your system
changes.  Then type "make wini" which will leave the resulting kernel
in ../system5.

To make a boot diskette, the "make" utility is used from this release
directory.  The makefile will handle the proper mkfs of the floppy,
and will also make the floppy bootable. An fsck is performed at the end.
Four flavors of the boot disk can be made with these commands:

	make lloginboot		To prepare for a Limited Login boot disk
	make uloginboot		To prepare for a Unlimited Login boot disk
	make ibmboot		To make a compatible boot floppy
	make tviboot		To make a boot floppy for the TVI disk
				controller

Other commands using the Makefile in this directory are:

	make linkkit		To make a linkkit
	make lloginlink		To prepare a linkkit for a Limited Login
				version
	make uloginlink		To prepare a linkkit for a Unlimited Login
				version
	make linkdisk		To make a linkkit installit diskette
	make linkclean		To remove the linkkit links from the
				usr/linkkit directory

Examples:

	make lloginboot ibmboot
				To make a Limited Login PC/AT compatible
				boot diskette

	make linkkit uloginlink linkdisk
				To make a Link Kit in usr/linkkit and create
				links to the appropriate files to create an
				Unlimited Login version of the Link Kit,
				then copy the files to the floppy in installit
				format.

	make linkdisk		To copy an existing link kit to a floppy
				in installit format
